statement bower ads fallout 4
was expected sure we are still
expect to take a breath when we hear about
appearance of elder scrolls 6 series fallout
for many older players
is the whole cult this first
decent open world rpg
opportunity is really all that
you want but pretty serious
game with the advent of flow three transitions in
group arbors of this series, the game got
its share of novelty and mrs all the more
easy storytelling and atmosphere those who
played the first and second parts follow
notice the difference at least in the world
fellout arms gazebos became more humorous
and light though not by any means
belittling ability and vice versa even
thanked for the revival of this legend and
for what they keep doing
the next part the old players need
just come to terms with what we play
new game old setting she can
immediately enjoy this
the game will be the same masterpiece but let's
go into more detail about what
known at the moment
the plot of the game will begin shortly before
disasters where we can choose our
character and you can choose as
male and female character and
this time they decided to surprise us again
good faiz our hero's generator
you can literally follow your
likeness or make it scary
freak while giving perk handsome
funny get pun when sold
nuclear alert our hero along with others
Boston residents will run a supervisor
however what exactly will become of his
family they die or survive and
will play a role in the future while
unknown however find out that hd
the gameplay of this situation let's say no
changeable in front of us all too point that
the same ability to respond all the
however the combat system happened
certain changes for example now
when using your time will not
stop completely and pour
slow down
let's say it will add a hardcore game
however, it looks very good hero
will allow to modify any waiting time
beyond recognition stick on him
all kinds of bells and whistles
real armor-piercing car of death from
pistol incidentally on the bill
modifications of the hard fire system from karima
brought to mind from now on we can not just
I will build a house with furniture or build
the house is therefore like seen
developers and literally assemble themselves
how you see your own house
its exactly you moreover you can
build a whole city with its inhabitants
and defense systems that believe me
you will need after all on your town
robbers will stroll
bit by bit in search of prey
also we will get a new companion with
which can go through the whole game and
this one will be the most responsive shepherd with
whom you either get along with or not at all
its use is rather doubtful
most likely she will just be killed in one of
rework and kind of regret it not
you will because it has always been to you
just a burden
although these are only important speculations
changes have undergone a dialogue system well
Firstly it's nice to see that our
character has full voice acting and
secondly added to the game wheel response
in which we saw in the living dead
and the mass effect we hope it does not affect
on rpd element and even benefit
In this series, in general, we can say
that he received so low 320 a little more
beautiful with lots of
opportunities with frills that are already
were worked out in addition to skyrim
their principle is just new interesting
adventures in the wasteland is already quite
Soon the game will get us in the fall so
let's wait for the release and get down to war
a war that never changes